Learn Python 3 For Beginners : Python Programming Tutorial - Hi everybody and welcome to beginners Quickstart Guide to.
First thank you for your interest in this course.
I really do appreciate it.
Now comes the question why.
Let me answer that for myself.
I have studied seven programming languages my career and each time I've stopped.
Just past the basics except with piking is beautifully simple and yet incredibly powerful.
It is also easy to read which I love.
All of these things help make the learning curve applying much much easier.
Order languages.
Politeness is very easy to learn which means at no time and you'll be past the basics and learning a
new valuable skill.
Python is used for many purposes.
Video games web apps business tools and most recently very heavily in data science.
This course is a step by step guide true to Python for a programming language.
Each lecture is built on top of the last and almost every lecture contains a program for you to try.
In the past the reason why I have failed to learn a programming language is because I did not stick
at it.
You will not have that problem.
Not only is python quick and easy to learn.
You also have me as your accountability body.
Now that might sound like hogwash but believe you me it is valuable.
Ask me anything.
Some of your code samples ventured prostrations when you got stuck and you will get stuck and keep in
contact because the best way to learn to program is to practice and talk about it.
Semi AQ and hey whatever it might be.
Get in contact and then return.
I asked for only one thing stick out it even if it's just one lecture a day.
Stick to it.
Politeness is not learned by observing but by doing so.
The longest lecture on this course is around 10 minutes.
So when you don't feel like programming ask yourself can I spare just 10 minutes.
So let's not waste any more time and let's get started.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture. Learn Python 3 For Beginners : Python Programming Tutorial